
 OBJECTIVES:
 
 1. what the paper did
  
 2. what was the contribution of the paper
 
 3. what did they use
  
 4. what was their goal
 
 5. how is it related to the subject of this paper
 
 6. what was the issues with the approach
 
 
  PAPER 1: Classification of Player Roles in the Team-based Multi-player Game Dota 2 
           (Eggert, Christoph, Marc Herrlich, Jan Smeddinck, and Rainer Malaka, ‘Classification of Player Roles in the Team-Based Multi-Player Game Dota 2’, Lecture Notes in Computer Science (Including Subseries Lecture Notes in Artificial Intelligence and Lecture Notes in Bioinformatics), 9353 (2015), 112–25 <https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-319-24589-8_9>)
  
  1. Classified players into set of classes and segements of games with respect to time (early late) and support items/ damage types

  2. Reduced set of classes have better accuracy for prediction  
 
  3. LR, Random forest , SMO, Bayesian networks ,Naive bayes
  
  4. Division based on class/roles yeilds better accuracy for prediction 

  5. Team-based approach to MOBA is similar but on aspects divided on roles. 
  
  6. Predifining roles in the game may lead to some early misdirection
  
  
  PAPER 2: Expertise, Extraversion and Group Interaction Styles as Performance Indicators in Virtual Teams 
          (Balthazard, Pierre, Richard E. Potter, and John Warren, ‘Expertise, Extraversion and Group Interaction Styles as Performance Indicators in Virtual Teams’, ACM SIGMIS Database, 35 (2004), 41 <https://doi.org/10.1145/968464.968469>)
  
  1. Hypothesised 3 different extraversion and success in group tasks. This study investigates how a personality trait and
     expertise affect virtual teams interaction.
 
  2. there has to be adequate knowledge within the team and a willingness to share and build
     upon that knowledge base toward synergistic solutions that are superior to those of the best individual within a virtual team
	 
  3. correlation analysis, regression analysis, and a series of post hoc t-tests
  
  4. The foregoing hypotheses address the mechanisms through which personal characteristics of individuals
     are aggregated via group-level dynamics to produce group-level outcomes. 
	 
  5. Approach to team v/s individual based on personality traits.
   
  6. Personalities vary , preliminary ,they were formed into interdependent teams for only the relatively brief duration of our task.
  
  
  PAPER 3: Learning Dota 2 Team Compositions 
          (Agarwala, Atish, and Michael Pearce, ‘Learning Dota 2 Team Compositions’, 2014, 2–6 <http://cs229.stanford.edu/proj2014/Atish Agarwala, Michael Pearce, Learning Dota 2 Team Compositions.pdf>)
  
  1. Used several method to predict winning using different team composition
  
  2. Approach to learn team composition
  
  3. Second order PCA, sortted PCA, LR
  
  4. To know optimal team compositions
  
  5. Similar themes and method used but using hero composition
  
  6. Player skills not taken into consideration


 PAPER 4: Performance of Machine Learning Algorithms in Predicting Game Outcome from Drafts in Dota 2 
          (Semenov, Aleksandr, Peter Romov, Sergey Korolev, Daniil Yashkov, and Kirill Neklyudov, ‘Performance of Machine Learning Algorithms in Predicting Game Outcome from Drafts in Dota 2’, 1–12)

  1. In this paper we suggest the rst systematic review and compare performance of most frequently used machine learning algorithms
     for prediction of the match winner from the teams' drafts in DotA 2 computer game

  2. mining and preparing of large and consistent dataset of DotA 2 matches for
     prediction modeling tasks;
     test the methods suggested previously on this dataset with standard perfor-
     mance metrics;
     introduce Factorization Machines algorithm for match outcome prediction
     based on interactions among heroes;
     make this dataset publicly available1;
	 
  3. LR , native Bayes, Decision trees
  
  4. To proove algorithms are effective
  
  5. To make sure that algorithm stay consistent with dataset and research findings are valid
  
  6. Only few algorithms considered, QDA LDA SVM analysis could be made
 

 PAPER 5: On Successful Team Formation: Statistical Analysis of a Multiplayer Online Game
         (Pobiedina, Nataliia, and Julia Neidhardt, ‘On Successful Team Formation: Statistical Analysis of a Multiplayer Online Game’, … 15th Conference on, 2013, 55–62 <https://doi.org/10.1109/CBI.2013.17>)

  1. Making use of game log data, we choose a statistical approach to identify
     factors that increase the chance of a team to win. 
	 
  2. a better role distribution in a team increases the chance to win a game;
     teams with more experienced players have a higher chance to win;
     playing with friends increases the chance to win;
     the selection of a proper leader as well as a good matching of heroes inside a team positively influence the success.
  
  3. ANOVA test, Mann-Whitney-Wilcoxon-tests
  
  4. 2nd point again
  
  5. Individual Hero Selection vs Team Hero Selection with log linear analysis 
  
  6. Gameplay elements not considered the part of analysis. Player skills and experiences are subject to each match and 
     changes rapidly
  
  
  
  
  
  
  